docs/index.md, before:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: Nexterm
  text: Server management
  tagline: The open source server management software for SSH, VNC & RDP
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Run preview
      link: /preview
    - theme: alt
      text: GitHub
      link: https://github.com/gnmyt/Nexterm
  image:
    src: /logo.png
    alt: MySpeed

features:
  - icon: 👀
    title: Open Preview
    details: Nexterm is currently in development and is open for preview. 
  - icon: 🔒
    title: Secure
    details: Two-factor authentication, session management and encryption built-in.
  - icon: 📁
    title: Structured
    details: Nexterm is structured into folders and tabs for easy navigation.
  - icon: 🏢
    title: Organizations
    details: Seamlessly share server access with your team members.
  - icon: ✂️
    title: Snippets
    details: Create and manage snippets for quick access to commands.
  - icon: 📜
    title: Scripts
    details: Automate repetitive tasks with customizable scripts.

---

<style>
:root {
  --vp-home-hero-name-color: #314BD3;

  --vp-home-hero-image-background-image: linear-gradient(rgba(49,75,211,0.25), rgba(49,75,211,0.25));
  --vp-home-hero-image-filter: blur(100px);
}
</style>

Commit message:

Add documentation for creating scripts and snippets in Nexterm
- Introduced a new markdown file `scripts&snippets.md` to guide users on how to create and organize scripts and snippets.
- Provided examples for both scripts and snippets, highlighting their use cases and supported file extensions.
- Emphasized the flexibility of organization based on file extensions rather than folder structure.
- Included best practices and pro tips for effective repository management.

docs/index.md, after:

---
layout: home

hero:
  name: Nexterm
  text: Server management
  tagline: The open source server management software for SSH, VNC & RDP
  actions:
    - theme: brand
      text: Run preview
      link: /preview
    - theme: alt
      text: GitHub
      link: https://github.com/gnmyt/Nexterm
  image:
    src: /logo.png
    alt: MySpeed

features:
  - icon: 👀
    title: Open Preview
    details: Nexterm is currently in development and is open for preview. 
  - icon: 🔒
    title: Secure
    details: Two-factor authentication, session management and encryption built-in.
  - icon: 📁
    title: Structured
    details: Nexterm is structured into folders and tabs for easy navigation.
  - icon: 🏢
    title: Organizations
    details: Seamlessly share server access with your team members.
  - icon: ✂️
    title: [Snippets](./scripts&snippets.md)
    details: Create and manage snippets for quick access to commands.
  - icon: 📦
    title: Apps
    details: Automate app installations and configurations with apps.

---

<style>
:root {
  --vp-home-hero-name-color: #314BD3;

  --vp-home-hero-image-background-image: linear-gradient(rgba(49,75,211,0.25), rgba(49,75,211,0.25));
  --vp-home-hero-image-filter: blur(100px);
}
</style>
